In this document, we will detail the structure and organization of our group, as well as the appointments and meetings we made to organize ourselves and carry out the tasks. 

The first meeting of the group was made on **05 March 2021** and was intended to summarize the actions implemented, create the git repository as well as the branches of each group member.

The second meeting which was held on **10 March 2021**, we identified and listed who owes what and when. During the third meeting was on **19 March 2021**, we started to set up the collection and formatting of ideas concerning the creation of the classes of functions that will constitute the package. 

For the meeting of **21 March 2021**;  **Valérian Sobolak** started to create some of the base functions of our package regarding points, dots and circle for the table of multiplication. Concerning **23 March 2021** meeting, **Nouhaila Goujili** made the graphical interface which generates the cursors that provides the user to select values from a specific scale. 

During the meeting of **05 April 2021**, the interface was linked to the following functions: dots, circle and edges, by all the group members.

The visualization interface and the link with the mobile one and the one who moves was made on **19 April 2021** by **Berrandou Assia** & **Goujili Nouhaila**.  

On **20 April 2021**, we modified the design of the project with all the group members.

**Valérian Sobolak** started the structure of the documentation on **21 April 2021**, and we divided the tasks for each group member concerning each function of the package. 

On **22 April 2021** , **Assia Berrandou** & **Goujili Nouhaila** , created the gif and add some changes to the interface, as the play, description and the table of multiplication buttons. 

During the meeting on **22 April 2021**, all the group members started writing the beamer.

On **23 April 2021**, **Assia Berrandou** & **Valérian Sobolak** started doing the tests of some functions of the package as base, edge and graph functions.

About the meeting of **24 April 2021**, a few changes were added to the documentation. The code was cleaned and made the pep8 in every bit of the code by **Berrandou Assia** & **Valérian Sobolak**.

Our last meeting was in 25 April 2021, where the beamer was finalized, the README.md updated and the entire structure of the project reviewed. And we recorded the video 
of the presentation of our group.

Thanks to this organization and collaboration, we were able to meet deadlines and deliver actionable results.

